---
layout: people
title: Camilla Gagliolo
position: Instructional Technology Coordinator Arlington Public Schools | ISTE Program Director | Apple Distinguished Educator
seotitle: Camilla Gagliolo - Instructional Technology Coordinator | ISTE Program Director | Joy of Professional Learning
meta: Learn more about Camilla Gagliolo and her contribution to the Joy of Professional Learning
permalink: /about/camillagagliolo/
img: about-camillagagliolo

---

Camilla is currently working as an Instructional Technology Coordinator for Arlington Public Schools, facilitating and leading technology integration to enhance teaching and learning for students. Her passion for innovation in education has made her one of the leaders in implementing new technologies in all curriculum areas internationally. Before commencing her position in Arlington County, she held the position of Director of Information Technology at Rock Creek International School in Washington, D.C. for 12 years. Educated in Sweden and the United States, she maintains an informed global perspective through a very active schedule of professional involvement. She has served on the European Council of International Schools Technology Committee for several years and as a Co-facilitator for ASCD’s Overseas and International School Network. She is also a proud member of the Apple Distinguished Educator community (Class of 2007), a vibrant community of innovators and educators dedicated to the enhancement of education through the integrated use of technology, and she has been recognized as a Smart Exemplary Educator. Camilla has presented at numerous national and international conferences on technology integration, foreign and immersion language learning, digital portfolio creation, multimedia integration, and the use of emergent and handheld technologies in instructional environments. She has presented and led workshops on technology integration at international conferences, including ISTE, VSTE, MICCA, ECIS and FETC. Camilla began her involvement with ISTE by participating in the development of the ISTE Standards for students, teachers, and administrators (formerly NETS). She has served as a past member of the ISTE Board of Directors and past president of ISTE’s Technology Coordinator’s Network (formerly SIGTC). She has also been integrally involved with the ISTE Annual Conference & Expo since 2003 in numerous capacities including Proposal Review Chair, 2009 Regional Program Chair in Washington D.C., and Program Advisor, and now serves as Program Director for the ISTE conference, providing guidance and oversight for the entire conference program.

She is very involved with ISTE (International Society for Technology in Education. She was an ISTE Board Member, SIG representative and Secretary from 2006-2010; President of ISTE, SIGTC (Special Interest Group for Technology Coordinators); Chair of the ISTE Board’s International Committee from 2002-2009; NECC Program Committee Member from 2003-2012; NECC 2009 Regional Conference Chair; and Proposal Review Chair, NECC 2003-2011, where she focused on Professional Development and Online Professional Development.

Mrs. Gagliolo has also been a presenter for Technology Integration and Language Learning, Mobile Learning, and personalized learning Devices in Education. She has presented at; Building Learning Communities; ISTE Conference; Apple Leadership Symposium; MICCA; PETE+C, VSTE Conference; and the ECIS IT Conference.

Camilla has lead three People to People Citizen Ambassador delegations to China, South Africa, and India. The primary professional objective of this delegation is to seek a better understanding of current educational technology initiatives and instructional design principles used in learning and teaching in a global context.
Delegates will learn about current practices in teaching and learning in Cuba in early 2016.
